So here are some important CloudWatch metrics
for your ASG.
So, you have metrics that are collected every one minute
okay, and there are ASG-level metrics
so it's opt-in, and you have GroupMinisize,
GroupMaxsize, GroupDesiredCapacity,
which represents the value of these parameters over time.
Then you have GroupInServiceInstances, PendingInstances,
StandbyInstances, TerminatingInstances, and TotalInstances
and they represent the number of instances based
on the state of them in your ASG,
and to see these metrics as an opt-in
so you should enable metric collection at the ASG level
to do so.
And then you have EC2-level metrics okay.
And by default it's enabled
so you can start seeing the CPU Utilization,
the network in and out and so on.
You get basic monitoring at five minutes level granularity
or detailed monitoring at one minute granularity.
And so in your ASG,
you can enable group metrics collection
by clicking on this enable button
and they will start populating here so you can see,
no data is available right now
because I haven't done it yet,
but these could be very interesting to look at.
And then for the EC2 side, as we can see,
we get some metrics around the CPU utilization,
the disk read, disk writes if this was an instance store,
which it isn't so this is where they're
not sharing anything,
but network in and out is very interesting,
as well as the status check and so on okay.
So hopefully that's very helpful to you.
I hope you liked this lecture and I will see you
in the next lecture.